README.md, before:

# Minimal docker image to run xpra with HTML 5 client

This docker image provides remote access to X11 using [xpra](https://xpra.org/) with HTML5 based web client listening on port 14500 for websocket connections. This is a base image with minimal dependencies and can be used as basis for other images.

By default, the container uses the default self-signed certificate to offer SSL. If you want to specify your own certificate, you can overwrite the default SSL certificate with the docker parameter similar to --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)"/ssl-cert.pem,target=/etc/xpra/ssl-cert.pem,readonly (make sure to put the ssl-cert.pem file in the current folder or modify the source path).

By default, Xpra can only be accessed using a password. The default password is xpra, but can be changed by setting the environment variable XPRA_PASSWORD (e.g. using the `docker run` parameter `-e XPRA_PASSWORD=mypassword`).

It is useful to automatically restart the container on failures using the `--restart unless-stopped` parameter.

A container using the image can be started with:

```sh
docker run ffeldhaus/docker-xpra-html5-minimal
```

Running the image will results in multiple warnings and error messages to be shown from xpra as xpra is trying to use a lot of recommended dependencies which are not included in this image. Also this image does not have a command such as `xterm` installed which can be run. Consider creating your own image based on this image where you can add the dependencies and programs you need.

Commit message:

Rewrite README to note that this is a fork

README.md, after:

> **Note**
>
> This is a fork version that support multi-platform image mainly for Apple Silicon.
> Visit https://github.com/ffeldhaus/docker-xpra-html5-minimal for the original version.

# Minimal docker image to run xpra with HTML 5 client

This docker image provides remote access to X11 using [xpra](https://xpra.org/) with HTML5 based web client listening on port 14500 for websocket connections. This is a base image with minimal dependencies and can be used as basis for other images.

By default, the container uses the default self-signed certificate to offer SSL. If you want to specify your own certificate, you can overwrite the default SSL certificate with the docker parameter similar to --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)"/ssl-cert.pem,target=/etc/xpra/ssl-cert.pem,readonly (make sure to put the ssl-cert.pem file in the current folder or modify the source path).

By default, Xpra can only be accessed using a password. The default password is xpra, but can be changed by setting the environment variable XPRA_PASSWORD (e.g. using the `docker run` parameter `-e XPRA_PASSWORD=mypassword`).

It is useful to automatically restart the container on failures using the `--restart unless-stopped` parameter.

A container using the image can be started with:

```sh
docker run ghcr.io/lambdalisue/xpra-html5-minimal
```

Running the image will results in multiple warnings and error messages to be shown from xpra as xpra is trying to use a lot of recommended dependencies which are not included in this image. Also this image does not have a command such as `xterm` installed which can be run. Consider creating your own image based on this image where you can add the dependencies and programs you need.
